For step 5 of the project, I introduced integer inputs like "100" for the number of students that were surveyed, integer inputs that 
represented the number of students that prefered to take classes in person greater than the number of students surveyed (ex: 120), 
and integer inputs that represented the number students that prefered to  take classes online greater than the number of students 
surveyed (ex: 109). This resulted in both the percentage of students that prefered to take classes in person and the percentage of 
students that prefered to take classes online to be greater than 100% (120% and 109%, respectively), which does not make sense since 
you cannot have more students surveyed that preferred either instruction method than the total number of surveyed students. 

For step 6 of the project, the logical errors that I introduced into the program for the file logic_error.cpp included removing the 
multiplier for the pctLikeInPerson variable and changing the multiplier for the variable pctLikeAtHome from 100.0 to 10.0. The first 
logical error resulted in the outputted percentage of surveyed people that preferred to take classes in person to simply be the ratio 
of surveyed students that preferred to take classes in person rounded down to 0.0. For example, when I had inputted that 100 people 
were surveyed and that 52 of them preferred to take classes in person, the program displayed that 0.0% of the surveyed participants 
preferred to take classes in person when in reality the percentage is 52%. The second logical error resulted in the outputted 
percentage of surveyed people that preferred to take classes online to be reduced by a factor of 10. For example, when I had inputted 
that 200 people were surveyed and that 100 of them preferred to take classes at home, the output displayed that 5.0% of people that 
were surveyed preferred to take classes at home when in reality the percentage is 50.0%.

For step 7 of the project, the errors that I introduced into the program for the file compile_error.cpp included removing the “using 
namespace std;” command, removing the curly brackets around the code of the main() function, and removing the parentheses around the 
boolean statement of the if statement in line 28. The first error resulted in the errors relating to unknown name types for the 
commands “cout” and “cin” to be displayed since a name type was not defined for either the “cout” or “cin” commands. The second error 
resulted in an error relating to needing an initializer before the variable declaration for numberSurveyed to be displayed since the 
compiler thinks that there needs to be a semicolon after the “int main()” statement. Finally, the third error resulted in errors 
relating to needing parenthesis around the boolean statement and the else statement needing a preceding completed if statement since 
the missing parenthesis confused the compiler on which portion of the code is part of the if statement and which portion of the code 
is part of the else statement.
